---
layout: post
---

<!-- ## Difficulties

## Ideas

## Challenges

## Attempts to succeed

## Failures

## Advice -->

## Finished

PS. For instructions of using this code, please refer to [README.md](https://github.com/Zhongheng-Cheng/gsoc2024-frame-blending/blob/main/README.md)

### Frame Hierarchy Analyzer Function [[Link](https://github.com/Zhongheng-Cheng/gsoc2024-frame-blending/blob/main/frame_hierarchy_analyzer.py)]

- Developed an algorithm to fetch the hierarchy of frames in FrameNet dataset. 
- Supported relations: 4/6 relations in FrameNet. 
    - `Inheritance`: [`Inherits from`, `Is Inherited by`],
    - `Perspective`: [`Perspective on`, `Is Perspectivized in`],
    - `Usage`: [`Uses`, `Is Used by`],
    - `Subframe`: [`Subframe of`, `Has Subframe(s)`],
- Exceptions are:
    - `Precedes`, `Is Preceded by`: contain loops (e.g. Waking_up, Process_continue)
    - `Is Inchoative of`, `Is Causative of`: do not correspond one-to-one (e.g. Awareness & Coming_to_believe)
- Return value:
    - A `root` node of the linked list (tree structure)
- Functions:
    - `find()`: Finds a node by name within the subtree rooted at the current node.
    - `count_nodes()`: Counts the total number of nodes in the subtree including this node.
    - `children()`: Get the list of immediate child nodes of this node.
    - `print()`: Returns the visualized string representation of the node hierarchy.
- Well documented and stored in my gallina home

    ```bash
    /mnt/rds/redhen/gallina/home/zxc808
    ```

### Frame Hierarchy Examiner Function [[Link](https://github.com/Zhongheng-Cheng/gsoc2024-frame-blending/blob/main/frame_hierarchy_examiner.py)]

- Correctness check function for hierarchy algorithm
- Ensuring correct parent and child relations for every node.

## To-do List For Next Week

- Continue working on frame categorization and frame blending word selection
- Experiment on HPC with Llama2

## Weekly Meeting Slides Link

[Red Hen Meeting - Jul 10](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Q3YAHXwhaeOSVij-gOKpqehZbGRybHXAU4Y9Mvu82Ek/edit)