---
layout: post
---

<!-- ## Difficulties

## Ideas

## Challenges

## Attempts to succeed

## Failures

## Advice -->

## Finished

### Procedure to run Frame Blender on CWRU HPC

- Install required packages.
- Setup Huggingface API Key
- Setup FrameNet dataset
    - Copy the FrameNet dataset folder `frame/` to the work directory.
    - Create JSON-format FrameNet dataset using `FrameNet XML Parser`.
- Request an interactivate GPU node.
- Run the `Frame Blender`.

For more specific steps, please refer to [GitHub - Frame Blender](https://github.com/Zhongheng-Cheng/gsoc2024-frame-blending?tab=readme-ov-file#frame-blender)

### Frame Blender

Updated functionalities for this week:

- Hierarchy related frame 
    - Pop-up hierarchy window
    - Frame selection
    - Cancellation
- Use confirmed frames to fill in prompt templates
- Generate Frame Blending result using the prompt.
- Added `--encoding` flag to fix the problem that some characters display incorrectly on HPC terminal

### Frame Blender Workflow Demo

<!-- <iframe src="{{ 'img/2024-07-31/frame_blender_demo_0802.mov' | relative_url }}" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe> -->

<video width="100%" controls>
  <source src="{{ 'img/2024-07-31/frame_blender_demo_0802.mp4' | relative_url }}" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

If the video doesn't play, please try this link: <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JAMffADUi-svJ41eSkaxGJiz85rHIxAW/view?usp=sharing>

## To-do List For Next Week

### Roadmap for Frame Blender

- Add prompt templates and zero/one/few-shot or CoT options.
- Complete documentation.
- Add the function to let LLM find the nearest frames to the user-input word.
- Fix operational bugs.
- Append the evaluation from user after each generation, and create a storage (database / file /…) for the generation results and evaluations.

## Weekly Meeting Slides Link

[Red Hen Meeting - Jul 31](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lBtnyJB6aghkEM3WeZnO0YyyLa7Fs77CH5wKl3Fk4HI/edit)